Add a mechanism to ignore/reject advisories (#624)
mbauman/AdvisoryDB.jl: CONTRIBUTING.md

Other Julia packages may need to issue advisories because they are directly redistributing upstream components that have themselves issued advisories. This is a common case for JLLs — they issue advisories for the _upstream_ vulnerabilities they contain. These data are vast, and ensuring all JLLs are accurately representing their upstream vulnerabilities is a long-tail problem. If there's a package you know isn't reporting an upstream vulnerability, you can open an issue here directly. It may be that it simply hasn't been imported yet, or it may be that its components aren't yet well-tracked by [GeneralMetadata.jl](https://github.com/mbauman/GeneralMetadata.jl).

## Updating an already-published advisory

Anyone can update advisories! Good updates can include further population of the structured fields, grammatical and spelling improvements, and technical reviews. Upon every change, the modified dates will be appropriately bumped upon merge to master.  Check out [osv.dev's properties of a high-quality OSV record](https://google.github.io/osv.dev/data_quality.html) for some more inspiration and guidance.

> ## Rejecting an inapplicable upstream advisory

Author: ```suggestion
## Rejecting an upstream advisory
```

> The automation here continually searches upstream databases (GHSA, NVD, and EUVD) and opens pull requests that propose new `JLSEC-0000-*` advisories. Sometimes human review determines that a proposed advisory doesn't actually apply: the vulnerable code was never in a released version, the upstream version data mis-maps to package versions, or the vulnerable configuration isn't used in the packaged builds. Simply deleting the proposed file from the pull request allows the automation to re-propose the very same advisory later.

Author: ```suggestion
The automation here continually searches upstream databases (GHSA, NVD, and EUVD) and opens pull requests that propose new advisories that match. Sometimes review determines that a proposed advisory doesn't actually apply. Just deleting it from the PR avoids publication but would lead to it being proposed again in a subsequent search.
```
